How could that be?
Your Majesty.
I don't have any flowers.
Get out of here.
You're filthy.
Your Majesty Shou Hua suddenly entered the palace
Didn't go through my mother's physical exam.
On the contrary, he directly serves the emperor.
People have many strange diseases.
Your venereal disease is afraid that it was infected before entering the palace.
Bao Chau must not talk nonsense.
Your Majesty, I am innocent.
I am innocent, Your Majesty.
The owner is clearly not talking nonsense.
His Majesty Zhao Hua is the noble lady Yao brought into the palace.
Princess
Why did you bring this filthy woman to my dragon bed?
The emperor is guilty.
Your Majesty, I also used this high-temperature flask to remove your cult.
But I still recommend that you look for Thai y Choi.
Don't worry.
Princess, please wake up.
I blame you.
You're pregnant.
I always care about my body.
Come here, chaplain.
Yang Lihua, if it's because you have Willow's disease,
It will definitely tear you to pieces.
Your Majesty doesn't need it.
And you.
Your Majesty.
The Queen
I'm not sick.
I'm really not sick.
Don't touch this shit.
Ms. Yao
Cousin.
Just kneel here and wait for the letter.
Four Hy
I know who you are.